fix/compatibility-oracle-parameter (#1357)
bonitasoft/bonita-doc: md/migrate-from-an-earlier-version-of-bonita-bpm.md

please follow this procedure:
* ensure your Bonita platform is shut down
* in a first step, run Bonita migration tool to update Bonita platform to version 7.10.5, following the procedure above
* then upgrade your Oracle database server to the version 19c, version 7.11.x is compatible with 12c and 19c. 
* in a second step, run the migration tool again to migrate the platform to 7.11.0 or newer
* once done, you can restart your updated Bonita platform

> **NB** : When upgrading the Oracle database ensure that the initialisation parameter [Compatible](https://docs.oracle.com/en/database/oracle/oracle-database/19/upgrd/what-is-oracle-database-compatibility.html#GUID-551DEA35-0A31-4D1C-A367-AFAF8906AEC8) is not set to a previous version. You can check this with the query:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
::: warning
**NB** : When upgrading the Oracle database ensure that the initialisation parameter [Compatible](https://docs.oracle.com/en/database/oracle/oracle-database/19/upgrd/what-is-oracle-database-compatibility.html#GUID-551DEA35-0A31-4D1C-A367-AFAF8906AEC8) is not set to a previous version. You can check this with the query:
```

> **NB** : When upgrading the Oracle database ensure that the initialisation parameter [Compatible](https://docs.oracle.com/en/database/oracle/oracle-database/19/upgrd/what-is-oracle-database-compatibility.html#GUID-551DEA35-0A31-4D1C-A367-AFAF8906AEC8) is not set to a previous version. You can check this with the query:
> 
> ```
> SQL> SELECT name, value FROM v$parameter
>          WHERE name = 'compatible';
> ```
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
::: warning
When upgrading the Oracle database ensure that the initialisation parameter [Compatible](https://docs.oracle.com/en/database/oracle/oracle-database/19/upgrd/what-is-oracle-database-compatibility.html#GUID-551DEA35-0A31-4D1C-A367-AFAF8906AEC8) is not set to a previous version. You can check this with the query:

```
SQL> SELECT name, value FROM v$parameter
         WHERE name = 'compatible';
```
:::
```

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:::
```

please follow this procedure:
* ensure your Bonita platform is shut down
* in a first step, run Bonita migration tool to update Bonita platform to version 7.10.5, following the procedure above

> * then upgrade your Oracle database server to the version 19c, version 7.11.x is compatible with 12c and 19c. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* then upgrade your Oracle database server to version 19c (version 7.10.x is compatible with 12c and 19c.)
```
I did not catch this one. 7.11.x == 19c and 7.10.x == 19c + 12c

Author: I think both 7.11 and 7.10 are compatible with both database versions 19.c and 12.c
https://customer.bonitasoft.com/support-policies/2219

Reviewer: I checked that, 
* 7.9 support 12.2 only
* 7.10 support 12.2 and 19
* 7.11 support 19 only

![Screenshot 2020-12-07 at 17 01 53](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/2739234/101374258-3afc2480-38ae-11eb-84e1-35f5afd1cb85.png)

Author: oh yes... my bad
